AI #1844: Relocate and rephrase the presence rules of FOCUS datasets to be attached to the dataset level (#1865)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/dataset.md

CostAndUsage adheres to the following requirements:

* CostAndUsage MUST be present.

> * The presence of columns in CostAndUsage MUST adhere to the following requirements:

Author: ```suggestion
* CostAndUsage column presence MUST adhere to the following requirements:
```

* CostAndUsage MUST conform to [DiscountHandling](#attributes.discounthandling) requirements.
* CostAndUsage MUST conform to [InvoiceHandling](#attributes.invoicehandling) requirements.
* CostAndUsage MUST conform to [DataGeneratorCalculatedSplitCostAllocationHandling](#attributes.datagenerator-calculatedsplitcostallocationhandling) requirements.
* The schema of the CostAndUsage FOCUS dataset MUST adhere to the following requirements:

>   * CostAndUsage FOCUS dataset SHOULD contain the AllocatedMethodDetails column when the data generator supports [Data Generator-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#datagenerator-calculatedsplitcostallocationhandling).

Reviewer: A few things:

* Would like to avoid needing to say `FOCUS dataset` and `column`.
* Should include a link to the relevant column.
* We've called such rules "presence" rules.  We wouldn't be using that term in any of these anymore.  Would be curious to hear from @ijurica how we might need to revise the guidelines to rename this category.
  * I could go either way on "contain".  I've suggested "include".  Maybe there's a better term.

```suggestion
  * CostAndUsage SHOULD include [AllocatedMethodDetails](#datasets.costandusage.allocatedmethoddetails) when the data generator supports [Data Generator-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#datagenerator-calculatedsplitcostallocationhandling).
```

If/when we agree on a format for these, it would obviously need to be applied across all of the rest.

Reviewer 2: I suggest we remove the existing **Column Presence** category from the **Column-level Requirements Guidelines** and add the **Dataset Schema Content** category to the Dataset-level Requirements Guidelines (currently we have the placeholder ‘Column Presence in Dataset – *FOR FUTURE USE*’).

**Question:** Could we position these **Schema Content** requirements before the **Attributes Conformance** requirements?

Author: I would like to maintain the term presence its a non-zero effort to remove and low/no value to do so. I propose we update the composite to:

* The presence of columns in CostAndUsage MUST adhere to the following requirements:

I know @shawnalpay suggested we avoid using the term Column, but I feel its use here would be ok?

Reviewer: @mike-finopsorg 
I think that particular line is okay to use the term `column`, for sure!  I just wanted to avoid having to repeat it in every single subsequent line.
